# Lightbot
### After playing both versions of Lightbot, I have to say it's a little bit addicting. The problem solving makes it really fun and a good learning expirience. At first the levels were easy and didn't need for functions but after you actually had to plan out the steps and do a lot of trial and errors. 
### The programming style was hard for me since the last time I actually did progaming was 2 years ago so it was a little hard to remeber the basics but soon it became easy to use. Light bot was a very fun game and I would want to continue playing. 
### Lightbot can help everyone understand the process of making robots and programming them. So this makes me think in real life too, I would probably take 50 trials and errors before I actually get a successful product. In the Lightbot 2 once you get to certain level it gts so complictaed and we have to use conditionals to actually make the robot get to the light. 

# Robo-Mind
### After playing Robo-mind i feel like it is more harder in some aspects than Lightbot. For one I feel Lightbot makes use use your brain more and more problem solving skills. While Robo-mind it had more programming that I knew of and looked actualling like coding. Both of them helped me understand how perfect the progamming has to be otherwise it wont work at all. Robo mind helped understand actually writing  code and hows you can create loops and As I said before, I needed to do some levels like 20 times before undrstanding the pattern and passing it. So this makes me think in real life too, I would probably take 50 trials and errors before I actually get a successful product. Robot mind helps understadnd real life applications when coding with languages such as Java. 
